yo what's up guys so welcome back to
brand new video here on my channel and
today's video i'm going to give you an
ultimate guide to reduce your input
delay here in fortnite i'm basically
going to show you all of the most
important steps each and every single
one of you can do in order to get closer
to zero input delay and i'm going to
show you step by step how to apply all
of these settings guys and if you
enjoyed this content please don't forget
to leave a like and subscribe to my
channel guys it's basically one click
and it would mean so much to me guys
i've heard eddie produce let's get
straight into this topic so guys and
what are we now going to do in the first
place is move over to windows search bar
and just simply type in keyboard until
we can actually find our keyboard
settings here on windows and then we can
already see now that we have something
like repeat delay and repeat rate guys
and what we have to do basically after
each and every single windows update to
make sure that we naturally reduce the
input delay of our keyboard here in
windows already is put our repeat delay
onto short so that we can really like
spam our keys you know what i'm saying
guys so we have no additional delay if
we put it on long we can't spam it as
fast and this is super important for
editing in fortnite because something
like double or triple edits guys you
know the vibes we have to spam our
keyboard and repeat right guys as well
on too fast super super important guys
then we're going to click on to apply
and we already done here so far with the
first step but what we're going to do
additionally now is go into our device
manager guys open it up real quick and
in there now we should have a list with
basically all of our keyboards and mice
guys and what i want you to do is update
each and every single driver here
usually if you use any keyboard of like
a higher tier brand you know it's
usually going to tell you here's
something like still series apex pro
whatsoever logitech g pro super light
all these
and what we want to do is make sure that
they're always up to date every single
one of these drivers here guys just
simply click one through and you can see
now the best drivers for your device are
already installed so we're chilling here
guys so we're gonna go for each and
every single one just making sure that
we have all of the most up-to-date
drivers and then we basically already
done here then we're gonna move over to
keyboards do exactly the same thing that
we can see it as well
and yeah then we're already done here so
guys and in this next step now we're
going to take a look at the following
pack which is going to be called reduce
input delay in which we have a bunch of
useful tweaks guys and also islc but i
guess you can find the pack of course on
my website there should be a link in
description guys and then you can see on
the top already fps boost and put delay
or switch resolution and we are of
course going to click on to input delay
and once you get redirected there should
be a poster on the top of exactly the
same name and the same thumbnail as the
video you're watching right now again
click onto it and once you get
redirected guys there should be a
download button which is going to
redirect you to google drive which is
standing for intelligence then by list
cleaner guys and this program is so
insane because once you launch it
actually on your pc you can see now in
the first place it's going to need all
the data of your pc in the first place
your total ram and everything you stand
by list and working set and free memory
and especially free memory is so
important on your pc guys pretty much
the more you have the less like you're
gonna have on your pc and what we can do
here now in the first place guys is um
we can purge our standby list manually
which we could do you can see now that
we have now a lot more free memory
because all the memory which is already
working in your pc you know every single
action you do basically on your pc is
gonna get saved on your memory sticks
until you restart your pc and we can
push it here manually while actually
clicking on this button so it gets like
all released or cleaned basically so we
have more free memory or we could do it
here with like automatic cleaning
process so we can see now the list size
is at least one gigabyte let's just say
is an example that we're actually going
to put it on 10 gigs yeah because i'm
right now you're running 42 gigs of ram
for you as an example if you're running
eight gigs of ram you can put it even on
two or three already yeah and free
memory is lower than and i would say
something like maybe
5000 so therefore five gigs of ram yeah
so therefore if my free memory gets
filled up too much and goes underneath
5000 it gets automatically released
again and i have a lot more free memory
around these normal 26 to 27 gigabytes
usually and then additionally guys we
also have timer set resolution here
built in which we can put to the minimum
of 0.5 milliseconds of any interaction
here with our keyboard and then we just
simply going to click on to start guys
and this program is now going to run in
the background always going to make sure
that we have a lot of free memory which
is going to give us less input delay so
therefore we just simply have to leave
it here in the background and we can
also actually check his start minimized
will launching windows so we don't even
have to worry about it anymore and next
up guys we also have mice and keyboard
tweaks in here we first of all gonna go
into keyboard and there we have keyboard
optimizations which we're going to
enable here real quick which is going to
reduce the input delay of our mouse and
keyboard while actually playing both of
these here real quick the next step guys
we also have mouse scaling tweaks and
this one we just we're going to put onto
100 and this is going to remove any sort
of mouse acceleration or anything which
could make your mouse unprecise while
using on your gaming pc and then of
course also the xander bats tweet guys
by the way huge each other to him this
is like an oval optimization registry
which is going to make sure to give you
the least amount of input delay on your
windows pc and then we're already done
here with this pack guys and as
mentioned you can pretty much like
delete anything except islc which i
would just simply leave somewhere here
on my desktop and it's only way it's
going to auto launch in the background
and for this next step guys i won't talk
about something which seems maybe a
little bit weird in the first place but
actually the main reason why so many
fortnite pros have their rgb turned off
is that rgb gives you additional input
delay because this is like another
service basically running on your
keyboard guys which is going to increase
your input delay so therefore if you're
trying to get less input delay really
make sure that you train really make
sure that you disable your whole entire
rgb effects on your keyboard you know
most of the keyboards nowadays are
really advanced and they have a really
high tier software you know and that one
is costing you so much additional input
delay if you have the software running
the rgb effects or anything which is
basically linked to your keyboard so
therefore really make sure to disable as
much as possible guys disabling your rgb
is super easy depending on your software
you just simply have to open it up and
then you should have a button to disable
all of the rgb effects and also make
sure to uninstall actually the keyboard
software itself if you don't need it
anymore for just the driver yeah so if
you don't need it just simply make sure
that you get rid of it because it's
going to be connected to your keyboard
24 7 causing you additional latency
because yeah it's additional service and
with that said we're already done here
with this step as well and as a final
tip guys i want to show you no ping real
quick because noping is one of the
greatest tools in terms of if you want
to reduce your ping but they also
additionally now have a built in input
delay reducer which is going to be
called turbo games this function
improves the keyboard responses guys
and all you have to do is just simply
enabling this small switch here on no
ping and then once you get it guys your
input delay is already gonna get reduced
they also have fps boost mode in here
this option will boost the fps of your
game this is giving you better
performance guys and when you enable
both of these here and also select the
server with the least amount of ping in
your near you're going to have
guaranteedly wait less input delay guys
so therefore make sure to check out no
ping over the link in the description
guys and with this link you also can get
by the way twenty percent off but they
also have like a one week test trial so
therefore everyone can try it out but
trust me guys especially the input delay
producer is actually crazy on this one
here i'm not gonna lie i use no ping
each and every single time before
actually hopping in game and yeah it's
amazing you guys with that said this is
it for today's video if you enjoyed it
please don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe to my channel this will help
me see you so much and if you still have
any more questions feel free to ask me
them down in the comment section below i
try to answer as many as possible and
with that said have a great day have a
great night whenever you're watching
this and until next time stay awesome
i'm out peace
[Music]
you